[samples] Add inline comments to "Beyond the basics" samples (#273)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/resources/samples/remove-hyperlinks-from-cells.md

```TypeScript
function main(workbook: ExcelScript.Workbook, sheetName: string = 'Sheet1') {
  // Get the active worksheet. 
  let sheet = workbook.getWorksheet(sheetName);

  // Get the used range to operate on.
  // For large ranges (over 10000 entires), consider splitting the operation into batches for performance.
  const targetRange = sheet.getUsedRange(true);
  console.log(`Target Range to clear hyperlinks from: ${targetRange.getAddress()}`);

  const rowCount = targetRange.getRowCount();
  const colCount = targetRange.getColumnCount();
  console.log(`Searching for hyperlinks in ${targetRange.getAddress()} which contains ${(rowCount * colCount)} cells`);

>   // Go through each individual cell looking fora hyperlink. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Go through each individual cell looking for a hyperlink. 
```

      }
    }
  }

>   console.log(`Done. Cleared hyperlinks in: ${clearedCount} cells`);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  console.log(`Done. Cleared hyperlinks from ${clearedCount} cells`);
```
